#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.3.0
    # via tensorboard
accelerate==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   peft
    #   transformers
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.13
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopep8==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via nbconvert
bitsandbytes==0.46.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
datasets==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   evaluate
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
evaluate==0.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.58.4
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
grpcio==1.73.0
    # via tensorboard
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
huggingface-hub==0.33.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   peft
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.37.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.12.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
markdown==3.8.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   wordcloud
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
notebook==7.4.3
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.61.2
    # via
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchtext
    #   transformers
    #   umap-learn
    #   wordcloud
onnxruntime==1.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   onnxruntime
    #   peft
    #   pytest
    #   tensorboard
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
peft==0.15.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   wordcloud
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.5
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   tensorboard
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   ipykernel
    #   peft
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via datasets
pycodestyle==2.13.0
    # via autopep8
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
pynndescent==0.5.13
    # via umap-learn
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pyreadline3==3.5.4
    # via humanfriendly
pytest==8.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pywin32==310
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.15
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   peft
    #   transformers
pyzmq==27.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   tiktoken
    #   torchtext
    #   transformers
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
    #   umap-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tensorboard
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   autopep8
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pytest
torch==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   peft
    #   torchtext
    #   transformers
torchtext==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   peft
    #   torchtext
    #   transformers
    #   umap-learn
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers[torch]==4.51.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   peft
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250516
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   mistune
    #   multidict
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
umap-learn==0.5.7
    # via -r requirements.in
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
wordcloud==1.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
